Update testing.md (#342)
NHSDigital/software-engineering-quality-framework: patterns/everything-as-code.md

- Is the code clear and simple?
- Is the code layout and structure consistent with agreed style and other code? (please see [enforce code formatting](enforce-code-formatting.md))
- Would it easily allow future modification to meet slightly different needs, e.g. ten times the required data size or throughput?
- Is it [built for testability](../practices/structured-code.md)?

> - Are the automated tests positioned appropriately in the [test pyramid](https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html), triggered appropriately in CI builds, etc?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are the automated tests positioned appropriately in the [test pyramid](https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html), triggered appropriately in CI builds, and do they block the build when they fail?
```
